# knnstdisagg 0.2.1

**Released September 7, 2023**

## Minor non API breaking changes

* `knnst_spatial_cor()`, `knnst_temporal_cor()` (#34), and `plot.knnst()` now work when there is more than one simulation. (#34)
* Small syntax/function updates for newer versions of ggplot2 and tidyr

## Bug fixes

* Fixed labeling of PDFs (they were previously labeled CDFs) (#35)
* Fixed formatting of README generated by `write_knnst()` (#36)

# knnstdisagg 0.2.0

**Released April 16, 2020**

## API Breaking Changes

* `plot.knnst()` was changed in multiple ways, several which break any previous calls to it. 
    * The default value for `site` was removed as it does not make sense to guess site names when they will typically be unique.
    * Stats for the disaggregated data are now computed on a user specified `bin_size`. `bin_size` is a new argument to `plot.knnst()` with no default. (#32)
    * The use of `...` was modified so that it is now only used for color, size, and shape. Default color, size, and shape were added for instances when these are not user specified.

## Additions and Enhancements

* Added spatial and temporal correlation functions and plots. (#29, #30)
  * `knnst_spatial_cor()` computes spatial correlation between sites.
  * `knnst_temporal_cor()` computes temporal (monthly) correlation at one site.
  * `plot.knnst_spcor()` and `plot.knnst_tmpcor()` plot the results of `knn_spatial_cor()` or `knn_temporal_cor()`
* Added `random_seed` argument to `knn_space_time_disagg()` and `knn_get_index_year()` to assist with reproducibility. (#28)
* Changed how unnamed `mon_flow` input to `knn_space_time_disagg()` is treated. Now the columns (sites) are renamed in `knn_space_time_disagg()`, instead of in `as.data.frame.knnst()`. This ensures the site names always exist for any subsequent code, rather than having to convert to a data.frame to get the site names. (#33)
* `write_knnst()` now saves a README.txt file (#25) and includes the yyyy-mm row names in the saved csv files that include the monthly disaggregated data.
* `ex_disagg` is now an exported data object. It contains an example `knnst` object for use in examples and tests.

## Bug Fixes

* Fixed bug related to how lag-1 correlation was computed for the historical/pattern data. This only affected January values if the start of the year was a month other than January. (#27)


# knnstdisagg 0.1.0

**Released April 7, 2020**

First release of package. Includes annual to monthly disaggregation and plots for QA/QC + diagnostics.
